feat(core): Add config option to skip files considered for imports (#140)
nadeesha/ts-prune: README.md

- `-p, --project` - __tsconfig.json__ path(`tsconfig.json` by default)
- `-i, --ignore` - errors ignore RegExp pattern
- `-e, --error` - return error code if unused exports are found

> - `-s, --skip` - skip these files when determining whether code is used - Regexp Pattern

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `-s, --skip` - regex pattern to skip these files when determining whether code is used. (For example, `*.test.ts?` will stop ts-prune from considering and export in test file usages)
```

Author: Done (except "an" instead of "and"!)
